docs: Update Pull Request generator documentation to include application lifecycle (#11274)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/applicationset/Generators-Pull-Request.md

- `merge`

For more information about each event, please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/integrations/webhook_events.html#merge-request-events).

## Lifecycle

> An appliction will be generated when a Pull Request is discovered when the configured crietia is met - i.e. for Github when a Pull request matches the specified `labels` and/or `pullRequestState`. Applications will be removed when a Pull Request no longer meets the specified criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Application will be generated when a Pull Request is discovered when the configured criteria is met - i.e. for GitHub when a Pull Request matches the specified `labels` and/or `pullRequestState`. Application will be removed when a Pull Request no longer meets the specified criteria.
```
